//##
The Java Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) serve distinct purposes in the Java ecosystem.
Java Runtime Environment (JRE):
The JRE is designed for users who only need to run Java applications.
It provides the necessary components to execute pre-compiled Java bytecode.
The JRE includes the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and essential class libraries, which are required for a Java program to run.
It does not contain tools for developing or compiling Java code.
Java Development Kit (JDK):
The JDK is intended for Java developers who write, compile, and debug Java applications.
It includes everything found in the JRE, along with additional development tools.
Key development tools in the JDK include:
javac: The Java compiler, which translates Java source code into bytecode.
java: The Java application launcher, used to run compiled Java programs.
jdb: The Java debugger, for finding and fixing errors in code.
jar: A tool for archiving Java classes and resources into a single JAR file.
javadoc: A tool for generating API documentation from source code comments.
The JDK is essential for anyone involved in the creation and maintenance of Java software.
In summary:
JRE = JVM + Class Libraries: (for running Java programs)
JDK = JRE + Development Tools: (for developing and running Java programs)
//##


//##
When creating a Java project in VS Code, the primary difference between using Gradle and Maven lies in their configuration language, performance, and flexibility vs. standardization. VS Code's Java extensions automatically detect and manage projects created with either tool. 
Key Differences
Aspect 	Maven	Gradle
Configuration	Uses XML (pom.xml files) which is verbose but highly structured and standardized.	Uses a Groovy or Kotlin DSL (build.gradle or build.gradle.kts files) which is more concise, readable, and script-based.
Build Process	Follows a rigid, predefined build lifecycle with fixed phases (e.g., compile, test, package).	Uses a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) of tasks, allowing for much greater flexibility and custom task definitions.
Performance	Generally slower because it often requires full project rebuilds and lacks advanced caching features.	Generally faster due to features like incremental builds (only recompiles changed parts), build caching, and a background daemon process.
Customization	Limited customization within the XML structure; requires writing separate Java plugins for complex changes.	Highly flexible and extensible, allowing for custom build logic and tasks to be written directly in the build script.
Learning Curve	Easier to learn due to its convention-over-configuration approach and vast documentation.	Steeper learning curve due to its flexibility and the need to be comfortable with Groovy or Kotlin DSL.
IDE Support	Mature and extensive IDE support across the board, including in VS Code.	Support has improved quickly and is robust, but Maven's longer tenure means it can sometimes feel more seamlessly integrated in traditional enterprise scenarios.
Choosing Between Them in VS Code
The choice depends on your project needs and team preferences. 
Choose Maven if: you need a standard, predictable build structure, prefer minimal configuration overhead, or are working in a large enterprise environment that already uses it extensively.
Choose Gradle if: you require faster build times (especially for large, multi-module projects or microservices), need high flexibility and customization in your build logic, and are comfortable with a scripting-based configuration. 
//##

//#when added another class , the run always error
//#fixed when adding the following in '.vscode/settings.json', then 'DEBUG CONSOLE' tap show outbut normally
> "java.debug.settings.console": "internalConsole",
